capital = 16

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.5
add_command_power = 20


# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
}


1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 899
	add_command_power = 100

	#adding ministers
	add_ideas = {
		FRA_charles_tillon
		francois_darlansss
		FRA_charles_tillon
		francois_darlan
		philippe_fequant
		famh
		jean_marie_bergeret
		renault_fra
		FRA_full_employment
	    FRA_political_violence
	    FRA_inefficient_economy_2
	    FRA_matignon_agreements
		#laws
		partial_economic_mobilisation
	}

	set_technology = {
		interwar_artillery = 1
		interwar_antitank = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		support_weapons2 = 1

		#doctrines
		#Air
		force_rotation = 1
		fighter_baiting = 1
		low_echelon_support = 1
		dispersed_fighting = 1

			grand_battle_plan = 1

		trench_warfare = 1
		prepared_defense = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		subsidiary_carrier_role = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1
		submarine_operations = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1
		basic_encryption = 1
		basic_decryption = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		fuel_refining2 = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		construction3 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
		dispersed_industry3 = 1
	}
	
}

set_convoys = 300


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1932.5.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Makkevonì Vussovskì"
	desc = ""
	picture = "Grammar.dds"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		emergency_powers
	}
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 5
	fascism = 85
	neutrality = 5
	communism = 5
}

recruit_character = FRA_philippe_petain
recruit_character = FRA_maurice_thorez
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_laval
recruit_character = FRA_edouard_daladier
recruit_character = FRA_jean_de_lattre_de_tassigny
recruit_character = FRA_alphonse_juin
recruit_character = FRA_maurice_gamelin
recruit_character = FRA_maxime_weygand
recruit_character = FRA_alphonse_georges
recruit_character = FRA_antoinemariebenoit_besson
recruit_character = FRA_charles_de_gaulle
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_leclerc
recruit_character = FRA_henri_giraud
recruit_character = FRA_charles_huntziger
recruit_character = FRA_gastonhenri_billotte
recruit_character = FRA_henry_freydenberg
recruit_character = FRA_rene_olry
recruit_character = FRA_francois_darlan
recruit_character = FRA_jeanmarie_charles_abrial
recruit_character = FRA_jeanpierre_esteva
recruit_character = FRA_jean_de_laborde
recruit_character = FRA_denis_guillaumat
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_fequant
recruit_character = FRA_victor_denain
recruit_character = FRA_jean_marie_abrial
recruit_character = FRA_jean_decoux
recruit_character = FRA_jean_marie_bergeret
recruit_character = FRA_marcel_gensoul
recruit_character = FRA_martial_valin
recruit_character = FRA_rene_emile_godfroy
recruit_character = FRA_joseph_vuillemin
recruit_character = FRA_henri_marie_auguste_bineau
recruit_character = FRA_louis_kahn
recruit_character = FRA_robert_odic
recruit_character = FRA_jean_francois_jannekeyn
recruit_character = FRA_emile_muselier
recruit_character = FRA_frederic_irene_joliot_curie
recruit_character = FRA_alfred_heurtaux
recruit_character = FRA_rene_prioux
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_alombert_goget
recruit_character = FRA_gaston_henry_haye
recruit_character = FRA_georges_bonnet
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_henriot
recruit_character = FRA_paul_reynaud
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_pucheu
recruit_character = FRA_charles_tillon
recruit_character = FRA_vincent_auriol
recruit_character = FRA_rene_massigli
recruit_character = FRA_charles_maurras
recruit_character = FRA_zivony_peshkov
recruit_character = FRA_roger_salengro
recruit_character = FRA_leon_blum
recruit_character = FRA_felix_gouin
recruit_character = FRA_paul_baudouin
recruit_character = FRA_maurice_gauche
recruit_character = FRA_jacques_duclos
recruit_character = FRA_marcel_bucard