capital = 10

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = POL_ar
recruit_character = POL_acr
recruit_character = POL_mt
recruit_character = POL_stc
recruit_character = POL_aa2
recruit_character = POL_acgs
recruit_character = POL_ncm
recruit_character = POL_nccr
recruit_character = POL_coi
recruit_character = POL_democratic_guy
recruit_character = POL_acd2
recruit_character = POL_acas
recruit_character = POL_communist_guy
recruit_character = POL_ncs
recruit_character = POL_awt
recruit_character = POL_pot
recruit_character = POL_fascist_guy
recruit_character = POL_ai2
recruit_character = POL_nt
recruit_character = POL_aco2

add_ideas = { economy_in_disarray }
set_convoys = 20

SOV = {
	set_autonomy = {
		target = POL
		autonomous_state = autonomy_puppet
	}
}

1939.1.1 = {
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = large_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
		tech_support = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		gw_artillery = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democracy
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 85
	fascism = 5
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 5
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Gianluigi Bersani"
	desc = ""
	picture = "Grammar.dds"
	ideology = liberalism
	traits = {
		liberal_professor
	}
}

1939.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 25
		fascism = 20
		communism = 5
		neutrality = 50
	}
}

